1478: Add release notes for v2.11.0 (#1479)
AbsaOSS/enceladus: _posts/2020-08-10-release-2.11.0.md

---
layout: default
title: Release v2.11.0
tags: ["v2.11.0", "changelog"]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

As of 10/08 2020 the new version 2.11.0 is out
<!--more-->

## Standardization and Conformance Improvements

> - [#1371]({{ site.github.issues_url }}/1371) It's now possible to run Standardization and Conformance at once instead of one after each other. This is suitable when their resource requirements are rather similar and it saves time by initializing only once

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1371]({{ site.github.issues_url }}/1371) It's now possible to run Standardization and Conformance as one job instead of one after each other. This is suitable when their resource requirements are rather similar and it saves time by initializing spark session only once
```

## Standardization and Conformance Fixes

- [#1443]({{ site.github.issues_url }}/1443) Fixed potential erroneous runPostProcessing warning
- [#1474]({{ site.github.issues_url }}/1474) Fixes properties not logging at the start of each spark job

## Helper Scripts Improvements and Fixes

> - [#1465]({{ site.github.issues_url }}/1465) Helper script for the combined Standardization and Conformance to be run as one Spark job, [README.md](https://github.com/AbsaOSS/enceladus/blob/master/README.md#how-to-run) contains information about running it

Reviewer: this is helper addition/new feature not a fix
